[Music]
Jewellery can't commit the role of
nagging girlfriend anymore nagging wife
me you happier oh dear God
Dan's a little timid afraid of
cellophane like saran wrap afraid that
somehow it'll get draped over my head
and that's very pathetic it's very
sticky and Tom's not afraid of anything
is that the corpse of Billy new one Tom
where'd you guys park but for three
childhood friends let's take the trip I
have responsibilities the answers to
their problems I hate you guys are out
there Hey look a deer from Paramount
Pictures yes passing through we're just
taking a trip you make a couple mistakes
up there you gone Tom you're a boy scout
no but I had a brownie once twinship
is a journey back over 20 miles of river
and waiting for a rescue boat it Hey
appear and life is a trip clear the
trail and maybe we'll see the way out of
here
Tom do you see anything oh that's it
cleaner less nurture you I've been told
I give a very good calf massage if you
want to roll down those stockings
stockings
I'm all natural supernatural
I finally run things to be afraid of
what doesn't kill you stay calm
it won't bother you if you're in the
fetal position makes you stronger
whatever it is you fellas are looking
for you gotta go out and get it and you
gotta go right now
not right now Seth Green Matthew Lillard
Dax Shepard and Burt Reynolds some some
last couple days I have to the best
friends anyone could ever ask for
without a paddle our only chance is to
huddle together for warmth I for one
choose death
[Music]
this never leaves the cave
you